---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Okay, MIS. But why though?
date: 2021-01-18
labels:
  - MIS
---

*F'real doe...why?*

"Why". The question which tails the infamous "who", "what", "where" and "when" ensemble; the inquiry which rendered me powerless in pleads to my mother for a friendly canine as a child; and the query which I am now forced to face in an effort to complete this assignment lest my grade be sent to the Gulag. 

Life, at present, appears rather bleak. Aside from the fact that the sky is cloaked in gray, and the weather status is less than ideal for a charmander, the havoc of a bratty virus has rocked more worlds than Hannah Montannah would ever be able to gloat from her four seasons of glory. This kolohe little fiend, COVID-19 they call 'em, has entered the tourney in the form of a ni'ele rooster that will stop at nothing to keep me from hanging out with the homies, going to the gym, and holding hands.

Now, I bet my dear readers think I am about to write a little something-something about how COVID-19 drove me to realize the importance of technology in modern society, hence, my decision to embark on the arduous journey of becoming a wielder of the MIS-degree. Nonetheless, here I am, pulling the rug from under your toes, as COVID-19, while a dictator to many, is not my president. 

See, while COVID-19 has closed many doors, it has also opened up quite a bit of opportunities for innovation and learning. For instance, many companies have been driven to translate internship programs from in-person to remote work. In turn, I have applied to many marketing internships that I may have otherwise reconsidered as the demands for airfare, housing, and transportation have been shed away through virtual programming. Nevertheless, despite submitting many applications, my lack of experience in basic coding, CRM systems, and statistics software failed to woo any of my potential employers. Thus, it was through the many rejection emails and self-doubt in applying for further internships that I have recognized my incompetencies and seek to overcome them through setting out on the MIS arc of my journey to being the next "hokage" in the world of digital marketing. 

With these things being said, the "why" which I am brought to question as I look over the class syllabus and think about the many hours that this class will inevitably demand, is met with my goals for growth, thickening my resume, and garnering a multi-faceted perspective.

Frankly, life is still pretty damn bleak, however, the nanoscopic dot of hope I have left in me continues to nag me to "capture the objective".
